README.md, before:

davejagoda.nfshost.com
======================

http://davejagoda.nfshost.com

# the new way

## On Nearly Free Speech Net:

```
    cd
    mkdir .git
    cd .git
    git init --bare
    cd hooks/
    emacs post-receive
```

you’re in emacs, now add this line

```GIT_WORK_TREE=/home/public git checkout -f```

now save and quit emacs

```chmod +x post-receive```

## On any host you’d like to push from (change USERNAME):

```git remote add website ssh://USERNAME@ssh.phx.nearlyfreespeech.net/home/private/.git```

## To push after the setup:

```git push website master```

# the old way

(doesn't work anymore due to changes that I've made)

To clone the copy on the webserver, ssh on to it and type:

```git clone git://github.com/davejagoda/davejagoda.nfshost.com.git .```

To update the webserver, ssh on to it and type:

```git pull git://github.com/davejagoda/davejagoda.nfshost.com.git```

# bibliography

http://www.nerdess.net/blog/nerdy/git-by-example-how-to-update-your-website-on-nearlyfreespeech-net-via-git

https://andytaylor.me/2012/11/03/nfs-git/

Commit message:

add instructions to copy ssh public key to nearlyfreespeech.net

README.md, after:

davejagoda.nfshost.com
======================

http://davejagoda.nfshost.com

# the new way

## On Nearly Free Speech Net:

```
    cd
    mkdir .git
    cd .git
    git init --bare
    cd hooks/
    emacs post-receive
```

you’re in emacs, now add this line

```GIT_WORK_TREE=/home/public git checkout -f```

now save and quit emacs

```chmod +x post-receive```

## On any host you’d like to push from (change USERNAME):

go here to add the host's ssh public key:

https://members.nearlyfreespeech.net/USERNAME/profile/add_ssh_key

```git remote add website ssh://USERNAME@ssh.phx.nearlyfreespeech.net/home/private/.git```

## To push after the setup:

```git push website master```

# the old way

(doesn't work anymore due to changes that I've made)

To clone the copy on the webserver, ssh on to it and type:

```git clone git://github.com/davejagoda/davejagoda.nfshost.com.git .```

To update the webserver, ssh on to it and type:

```git pull git://github.com/davejagoda/davejagoda.nfshost.com.git```

# bibliography

http://www.nerdess.net/blog/nerdy/git-by-example-how-to-update-your-website-on-nearlyfreespeech-net-via-git

https://andytaylor.me/2012/11/03/nfs-git/
